<pre>
 ::::::::::..     .,-::::::::::::-.         ....:::::: .::::::. 
 ;;;;;;;``;;;;  ,;;;'````' ;;,   `';,    ;;;;;;;;;````;;;`    ` 
 [[[ [[[,/[[['  [[[        `[[     [[    ''`  `[[.    '[==/[[[[,
 $$$ $$$$$$c    $$$         $$,    $$   ,,,    `$$      '''    $
 888 888b "88bo,`88bo,__,o, 888_,o8P'd8b888boood88     88b    dP
 MMM MMMM   "W"   "YUMMMMMP"MMMMP"`  YMP"MMMMMMMM"      "YMmMY" 

                                            A Node.JS IRC Server
 ircd.js
</pre>

h3. News

Twitter: "@alex_young":http://twitter.com/alex_young.

* [2011-09-09] Fixed bug #9: WHO on nonexistent channel.  Improved unit tests
* [2010-12-27] More work on server links (broadcasting of SERVER commands)
* [2010-12-11] Now installable from npm, server now checks for config in /etc/ircdjs/config.json
* [2010-12-11] First steps towards linked servers, major restructuring
* [2010-12-04] Added user mode w and WALLOPS
* [2010-12-01] Split code into channel.js, user.js, server.js
* [2010-11-28] Added KICK
* [2010-11-23] Added OPER command that uses sha1 passwords in the config file
* [2010-11-23] Added invisible user mode and user support for WHO command
* [2010-11-19] Added AWAY
* [2010-11-18] Added VERSION, TIME, WHOWAS
* [2010-11-16] Added +i and INVITE
* [2010-11-14] Added +k (channel key)
* [2010-11-12] Added +l (user limit)
* [2010-11-11] Added voice/devoice support, and removing channel modes on part
* [2010-11-07] Added ban support, commands are no-longer case sensitive

h3. About

I'm implementing rfc1459/rfc2812 in "Node":http://nodejs.org/.

The server will allow clients to connect, join channels, change topics; basic stuff.

Done:

* PING/PONG
* PRIVMSG
* MODE
* JOIN
* TOPIC
* NAMES
* LIST
* INVITE
* WHOWAS
* TIME
* VERSION
* AWAY
* WHO
* OPER
* KICK
* WALLOP
* CONNECT
* Connection garbage like MOTD
* Basic data validation
* Simple JSON config file
* Channel modes: o, p, s, t, n, m, i, l, b, v, k
* User modes: i, w, o

Planned:

* Server-to-server NICK messages when nicks are changed or new clients join
* Server-to-server messages for JOIN, NJOIN, MODE, PRIVSG and NOTICE
* SQUIT and QUIT for links
* Server to server communication
* More basic commands: NOTICE, MOTD, LINKS, TRACE, ADMIN, INFO
* More tests (I only wrote basic tests to get started)
* Log files and logging options
* Local ops (+O)
* Stats command
* Services
* Add command line arguments for changing configuration path

h3. Documentation

Install with <code>npm install ircdjs</code>.

Set up configuration in <code>/etc/ircdjs/config.json</code>.

h3. Contributions

* niklasf

h3. License (GPL)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

